Hello.
We're going to introduce Lex to you guys,
which is basically the Engine dial exe runtime.
Let's just go onto the overview sites to talk about what we're going to go over.
So, the first step,
we're going to describe what Lex is.
Afterwards, we're going to show you how to create a Lex chatbot on the console and then,
we're going to have some fun with that bot through Python.
Lex is essentially a service on
a day to have an Amazon Web Services and it allows for conversational interfaces.
And basically, what it means is,
if you have ever done this before but if you ever interacted with a chatbot
like on Facebook or through a text and then they respond with certain messages,
let's say you want to order something like,
I want to order a hamburger from McDonald's and then they have a chatbot,
you can talk to them like in natural language and then you understand,
what burger you want, asked if you want pickles.
So, it's more natural than pressing buttons and stuff.
And it just allows you to make bots for that, for certain purposes.
And basically, it can either understand audio or text.
In this demo, we're just going to using text
but you could give it an audio file and you would understand.
It would convert that to text and try to understand that.
And it responds with some preset messages,
asking you, oh do you want pickles or your hamburger or something like that.
And Lex is actually the thing that powers Amazon Alexa,
so that how Alexa understands people and how to respond.
So, some important notes,
we want to tell you guys that it's only available on certain regions.
The first region is North Virginia,
which can be specified through us- east-1 and Ireland,
which is specified through eu-west-1.
And we are going to use North Virginia
and we want you to change your region and both the console and SDK.
So, on your console,
as Simon we'll show you later,
you want to select your region to be US East 1 North Virginia.
And on your SDK which is like on your terminal,
you want to run aws configure and enter us-east-1 for region.
And then afterwards, we also want you to enable
your IAM user to have access to Amazon Lex.
So, just change the settings of your IAM user so, AmazonLexFullAcess is enable.
Let's go onto Simon's computer to have a deeper look onto how to set it up.
Yes. So on my computer,
you can see that we're currently on the console,
AWS Console here and we're kind of set it to Oregon.
Now, if we had to go to Lex,
down here and try, here we go,
Amazon Lex, next here,
it's not available on US West.
Or you might want to make it bigger as well.
Oh yeah. Because here,
it's a little bit bigger, a region unsupported.
So how you can just access it,
is just change it to US East
and which is also North Virginia and you can just get started through here.
And basically, here we can create a Lex bot.
You can either create your own custom bot or create one of their pre-built ones.
So, one of them is for booking a trip,
ordering flowers and scheduling appointment.
So this one, we just can do OrderFlowers and this is just the IAM role,
one of the roles for this service.
So, not to worry about that,
they make it for you.
This is for COPPA.
We're just going to say no for this one because you're not going to have any child users.
This is only really relevant in the United States but don't worry about it too much,
just post no and for create,
it just takes a second to create and
couple of sections where it takes a little bit to load.
But in the meantime, we can go into this and go into IAM Users and just to double check
that our user has access to Lex.
So, go to Users and then,
the one we were using on our SDK is Lex.
And, we can see here that it has access to the Administrator and AmazonLexFullAccess,
so they can actually use the service.
So, we're good on that and now,
we're back on here and looks like it's all good.
This might look a little muddle here,
so I'll just the change that, there you go.
These are the Sample utterances, basically,
what the bot will take in,
if I say I'll like to pick up flowers, it will respond.
It will know that it want to do this intent, which is order flowers.
Basically, it's like different ways to phrase what you're trying to do with this,
like part of the program.
So, one of the things is Slots,
it's basically, what data that you need.
It's like almost fill out a form but they asked it in a really natural way.
For example, if you need to what kind of flower type you want to get,
asked what types of flowers would you like.
So, one thing you can do is also add your own,
let's say location and choose your location and then choose Slot type and prompt.
We'll do it a little bit later.
For now, we're just going to go to the current settings.
So, when you actually deploy this thing,
you would want to use an Amazon lambda function to do something like
change entry in a database to make it,
so that someone order something and you know that an order is ready.
So for here, we just wanted to build and this will take some time.
In the meantime, we can go into our SDK and make sure the region is set correctly.
If you don't do this, it won't be correct.
If you guys haven't seen this before,
this is just a virtual environment within the terminal.
Basically, it's one of the Python's way of just keeping certain libraries in one place.
So currently, I'm just in that virtual environment. Everything should work the same.
So if just want AWS configure, like you have before.
You can see here asked for the access key again but we're going to use
the one that's already there and asked for the secret again,
again, using the same one and asked for the default for region name.
So, I already set it to us- east-1 but you might be different, so,
I set it to us-east-1 and just press enter, we don't have any for that.
And now, you're set for that.
We can clear this up and go back.
It looks like, this is done building.
So the next step, we have everything set up.
It's ready to receive a message.
You can even test it here.
For example, I can say,
I would like to order flowers and It would just ask, What type of flowers?
So, this is an easy way to test it on here.
The next part that I want to do is publish it,
so the crash use it on our program.
And, we're going to be creating an alias.
An alias is just like an easy way to identify
certain versions of your bot and which one to interact with.
So, you still need a alias even if you just have one version.
So, we're going to call it, I'm actually not gonna call it,
doing the exact for the call because we have defined it in
our program but we just opened this up.
And see here, this is the program that we're going to use.
We go over a little bit more in the future.
But for now, we just want the botName.
So botName is OrderFlowers.
You can see that, it's botName is OrderFlower, right here.
It's the same. And we have botAlias and that's what we want.
So we want to call it FlowerBot because that's what we have in our program.
You can just create a new one here and then,
change it in the program. It doesn't really matter.
It's also the same name. So when you publish, it takes a little bit.
In the meantime, we can just look into this code.
So certainly, this uses boto3 which is the Amazon or the
AWS SDK for Phyton and it just initializes the connection to the Lex runtime,
somewhat a welcome message, don't worry about that.
And then, this is a while loop just a constantly killer conversation
going until we've reached the end of the conversation,
like a flower order.
So, the first part is that,
it takes an input text,
raw input and basically,
just takes in user input like
a sentence that was basically the same thing as I entered here.
And then, it also lets takes in whether or not you want to quit the program or not.
The next part is actually using the Amazon SDK to talk to Lex.
It's basically just choosing the Bot Name, we already said it before.
You can see here that it's done building or publishing.
And here, the Bot Name is OrderFlowers.
We have OrderFlowers here, same thing.
Here, we have Bot Version.
Don't you need to worry about that because alias is the same for this.
And then, we have Bot Alias and it's Flowerbot, so same thing.
Basically, these two things some add for to work and then a user ID.
You don't really need to worry about what it is. You just need to set it.
So, basically, you're just sending
these messages to an endpoint and the only way that AWS can figure out,
if it's the same conversation or not, it's with an ID.
So, you give it just an ID.
You can define this any way you want.
For here, we just defined as a person1.
So, let's say if Andrew tried to talk to it,
we would use person2 to make a new ID.
So here, the ID is like static but it would actually create this for like an app,
you would want it to make it dynamic and changing just depending on what person.
Then, the last part is that,
it just text the dialogState whether or not the order is finished,
and if it's ready for fulfillment,
which means it's done, then your order has been placed.
If else, that means just print the response what Lex says
back and keep going. So we just exit that.
You can see here,
that our Flowerbot has finished publishing.
So now, we can go into the terminal and just run it.
So, type Python Lex and look for the Flowerbot.
I would say, I would like to order flowers again and what kind?
She fires again real quick.
Monday, when do you want it?
And then, What time?
3:00 p.m. And as you can see here, it asked for what city?
Before we didn't do that but now that we added it,
we just add San Diego and accepts that and it just asked, Are you ready?
It didn't ask, as you can see,
it doesn't include a city for a confirmation
just because we didn't include it into the message.
Without that, we added another slot that we needed.
So, as you can see here,
for the confirmation prompt,
you can notice that, it says FlowerType.
You can just enter in the brackets,
in the name of the slot,
which is like a variable and you put it in the phrase.
So, you can like, "Okay, your FlowerType
will be ready for pickup by PickupTime on PickupDate."
And you'd be at our blank location or San Diego location.
So that's how you can create a simple chatbot.
In this, we used one of their pre-made ones like OrderFlowers.
But you can completely just create your own.
You got to create your own intent and then some thought types.
That should be do that.
Will be doing in more advance demo of a kind of chatbot like this,
in the future so be on the look out for that,
and make sure you read up on the documentation for Lex and the API.
So if you run into any problems,
you can better attack them.
In the future, we'll be trying to
build on this and creating a little bit more advanced chatbot and
does little bit more stuff and stay tuned for that and enjoy your day..